the mess you have in your life the
things you are most ashamed of and
embarrassed by that you think are the
most insignificant that disqualify you
the most are probably the very things
that will qualify you to connect with
another human being in your business or
your personal life to change their life
and don't ever underestimate the ripple
effect so if you're listening to this or
watching it stop discounting yourself
stop carrying these bags of your life of
the things you're embarrassed or ashamed
of or that you think are insignificant
that don't amount to anything those are
the things
you precious you that could change
another precious human being's life
in a moment where they need you the most
and if you don't believe you're
qualified if you don't believe you can
do it you're gonna miss those moments in
your life and your entire existence here
wasn't what it was supposed to be
and milette welcome to the show welcome
back welcome back it's great to be here
man what i'm looking forward to the most
so good to have you your book is amazing
the power of one more thank you
love it i'm not at all surprised now for
people that haven't read it
for people that feel like they're
wasting their time they're not getting
the results they want what is one thing
that they could be doing right now that
would turn things around for them well
actually doing one more so you know we
we always talk you and i both about
self-confidence and the fact that
building self-confidence is the process
of keeping the promises you make to
yourself and if you lack self-confidence
you've got a relationship and reputation
with yourself that's not very favorable
and so the baseline way to get
self-confidence is you keep the promises
you make to yourself but in life as you
know we don't get like our goal we get
by 25 of our goals
but we ultimately always get our
standards long term you will get your
standards so the question becomes what's
the standard need to be then and that
standard needs to be you keep the
promises you make to yourself and one
more so if you're going to do 30 minutes
on the treadmill every day you don't do
30 minutes you do the 30 minutes you do
one more you're going to make 10
contacts in a day you don't make 10
contacts a day you do the 10 contacts
and you make one more now what happens
is you start stacking up those one more
you're going to tell your tell lisa you
love her every day you don't just tell
her that you tell her one more time
every single day so you start stacking
up mathematically all of these one mores
you've just done more so you're better
but you've changed the standard of your
life and you've built this super human
type self-confidence that i normally do
what i say i'm going to do i do one more
than i'm saying i'm going to do and
that's something almost nobody's willing
to do so i'm going to get things almost
nobody's going to get so that's one
thing initially everybody can do yeah so
you are one of the sweetest guys on
planet earth like in real life thank you
but also in real life you're one of the
most intense guys which i really respond
to so my journey as an entrepreneur was
toughening up i was super weak as a kid
way whiny like definitely did not push
myself and my parents loved them to
death but they didn't know how to push
me either
and so i really when i went to college
my mom assumed i was going to fail
because i was so profoundly lazy
and so hearing you in the book talk
about like pushing to the extreme like
you actually use the word extreme
multiple times and that to to expand
your capabilities you have to go into
the extreme talk to me about that
because right now i feel like that's an
incredibly unpopular message it is and
at the same time it is true
thank you and by the way you talked
about it on my show so there's a part of
the book where i talk about extremity
expands capacity until you push
something to the extreme you don't
really stretch your capacity to do it
and so for me i already know you know at
this point in my life we know what we
were capable of at one point so how do
we change what we're capable of and
that's with extremity that's with
pushing it to the extreme of another
chapter in the book where i call it do
one more inconvenience this is something
that if we could train ourselves to do
our entire lives would change which is
that
do the inconvenient or difficult thing
in your day or in your life human nature
is to avoid that you talk you call it
being lazy but it's just to avoid the
inconvenient napoleon hill says and
think and grow rich which i love he says
on the other type of temporary pain
you are introduced to your other self
and that other self produces another
life so what we have to change i think
to some extent is our relationship with
pain i'm willing to pursue pain i'm
willing to pursue discomfort and do the
inconvenient thing because on the other
side of that i have extended my capacity
i've literally changed who i am by
getting on the other side of that and so
for me
i am always trying to find the
inconvenient thing to do because it's
not my nature either i have to build all
these habits like you do because left to
my own devices
man i'm netflix and pizza and cheetos i
really would be like people say to me
man you just seem so hardcore people
think this about you as well no actually
i'm not and so i've had to develop these
mindsets the strategies in the book
the ways i think my habits there's a
whole chapter on how to build habits in
the book because i'm not that way i'm
not overly disciplined
but i've learned to sort of change my
relationship with pain even in the gym
but even in a given day you know for me
i chase the thing that's inconvenient
because i know on the other side of that
is where all the stuff lies that i want
and so that's you know this old notion
of well you know do get out of your
comfort zone i'm not talking about that
i'm talking about pursuing the
inconvenient in a given day because
that's the pathway to your bliss that's
the pathway to your happiness why is
that that's super
counter-intuitive
well it's the pathway to your bliss and
your happiness because when we're doing
things that aren't convenient on a very
regular basis there's a part of our
spirit i believe in our soul that knows
we were born to do something great that
knows we were born to grow and when we
begin to settle in our lives it's like i
had a conversation this morning with a
friend of mine who's a parent they're
having some parenting issues and they're
like well yeah you grew up with an
alcoholic dad so that was child neglect
and my parents got divorced that was
child neglect
but i'm not neglecting my kids this is
just this morning really good friend of
mine i said i think you should rethink
that and i said there's an insidious
form of neglecting your children
and she goes well what is it
and i said it's not pursuing your
potential in your dreams
that's a form of neglect of your
children you're installing the software
in them that it's okay to settle because
they're watching you because they're
watching you and almost everything in
life is caught not taught you don't
teach lessons to people they catch
lessons from you and so you're
neglecting that child when you're not
pursuing your potential your bliss or
and or your dreams in your life that's a
form of neglect so if it's neglecting a
child when we do it it's a form of self
neglect when we do it to ourselves and
so that's why it's counterintuitive not
to do inconvenient things but the reason
it's a pathway to bliss and happiness is
intuitively we know we're neglecting our
spirit we know we're neglecting our soul
we're neglecting our potential when
we're not chasing it and there's no way
that we can simultaneously
be blissful and at the same time know
that we're somehow treating ourselves
less than we're worthy of
hello my friend you know that i believe
success requires you to see failure as
the ultimate learning tool success
requires you to be disciplined and
gritty and to never ever quit on your
dreams i say all of that because one
thing is certain the road to achieving
your goal is not smooth or linear i wish
it was but it's not it's going to be
bumpy sometimes scary some days you'll
take two steps forward and slide 10
steps back and that's why success also
requires you to know how to pull
yourself out of a rut and get unstuck
fast life is short you can't be messing
around with your goals you've got to
make progress every single day so i've
pulled a class from impact theory
university called how to get unstuck
which you can watch for free with the
link on your screen or by clicking below
when you join me for that free preview
of that workshop from impact theory
university i'm going to teach you my
strategy for how to
understand exactly where you need to be
going how to identify the obstacle
that's blocking you and the best way to
make the most progress towards that goal
and keep your momentum right click that
link and let's get to work all right
i'll see you on the inside
i have a growing hypothesis i'm super
curious so when i hear people like you
talk about this stuff i'm gonna say 99
times out of a hundred there's been a
physical transformation that they've
gone through obviously your physique is
insane i know what it would take to
achieve your physique i don't have your
physique not because i don't want it
because i don't want to put that level
of energy into it i'm honest with myself
about that
but i have transformed my physique sure
and so i know what that takes and that i
didn't think a lot about it at the time
but that coincided with me getting
better at being an entrepreneur
because i realized i saw what you were
saying that as i did one more as i
pushed myself as i did the things that
were inconvenient as i reach for the
extreme as i began to
model myself after something other
people said was crazy right oh that
guy's too big oh what are you doing
that's crazy
but i really got obsessed with it yes
and in doing that and going to the gym
and pushing myself and being
uncomfortable i remember one time
getting trapped under a weight and i was
like [__] i don't how am i going to get
out of this
and by i've been there being in those
situations over and over and over
you begin to realize oh my god like i
actually
change as a result of this which then
lets you believe that you can change
your mind in the same way yes how
important do you think it is for people
to
deal with the body to to push themselves
to have a transformation there well
brother i love you because we think so
similarly i catalyst for change for me
all my life has been in my body
and the reason for that is it's
something that i actually have some
measure of control over i can't control
the external result i can't control
every time how someone's going to
respond to me what the market's doing
whatever it might be i can control like
you and i were talking off camera what
i'm putting in here when i'm putting in
this pie hole every day i can control my
amount of hydration i can control the
training in my life and so for me the
catalyst for change frankly
i was 221 pounds big and not fat and um
but i knew the book was coming out and
it was writing the book and the catalyst
for me to get in the most peak state i
could do is to do something extreme and
so the extreme thing i did is i said i'm
gonna weigh 180 pounds in 90 days whoa
and i i got down to 177 and i did that
through you know intermittent fasting
caloric restriction changing my cardio
but it was an extreme you were working
on the book well i was and the reason i
did it is i knew that if i could
transform the internal parts of me that
the external results i was going to
produce would be that much more
extraordinary and so i'm kind of the
chills yeah well by the way and you've
done it as well it's not like i'm going
to do this every single you know month
of my life or even every single year of
my life but to your point if you're
sitting there and you're thinking i
can't change things it's like i don't
have the capital i don't have the
relationships i don't have this or that
you do have a body
and you can change that there's things
you can do to move it differently treat
it differently potentially be more kind
to it one thing i'm doing i'm 51 years
old man i've never stretched in my life
i've never done yoga in my life these
joints and tendons are sick of me
beating them up and so one of the
reasons i got a little lighter a little
smaller a little bit less taxing on it
and i'm giving myself the gift of great
stretching you know great yoga i'm doing
massage now i'm doing things to be
kinder to my body as well and this may
sound really hokey and cheesy i find
myself this is a strange thing a word it
but i find myself being a little more
gentle with myself
when i'm so aggressive in the gym all
the time
you know there's a there's a transfer of
that even in my life where i'm so
aggressive and intense on myself which i
love that part of me but like i've had
51 years of that and so now i'm like you
know what i'm a little more kind to my
body a little bit more gentle with it
and i find myself you know when i give a
speech usually i'll beat myself up i
could have done you do the same thing i
should have done this i should have done
that leave a meeting leave a podcast why
didn't you say this
and i've just beat myself up all my life
just like i do in the gym recently i
find as i treat my body differently i'm
treating me differently i'm like that's
okay bro you got the next one that
wasn't so bad i'm sure you still made a
difference i've never said those words
to myself in my life because i've always
thought if i let go of this beating
myself up that's part of my recipe part
of my formula the truth is i've probably
been successful in spite of the way i've
treated myself not because of it
that's interesting i don't know that i
agree and as you're describing that i'm
so intrigued how you going to answer
this question do you think that you can
do that now because you have pushed
yourself so far so hard or do you wish
that you had gone back and
done things the way you're doing them
now back then i wish i had them both i
wish i've had the extremity part of my
life where i'm pushing myself to that
point of past what i think i'm capable
of but then i also wish that i wasn't so
hard on myself man like i've spent a lot
of years of my life i've never really
said this before
i've spent a lot of years of my life i
think
at my own expense
it makes me emotional to say it i don't
even know where that's coming from
at my own expense
in the service of other people
and i think i had this delusion
that
i had to be almost suffering
in order to produce bliss for other
people and some of that software was
probably installed to me when i was
young with my dad being an alcoholic
when i was young
and so no brother i know i could have
pushed myself and been one intense beast
and still been a little bit more kind to
myself there's a more beautiful and
elegant way to get to the results that i
wanted i totally know what you're saying
that there's different seasons of your
life and it's easy to say when you got a
couple hundred mil in the bank and all
that other stuff like you know what i'm
gonna stretch now i'm gonna get a
massage it's a little bit different than
that so one i think your insight about
what
you learned to do to be the peacemaker
in your family to read your dad to
figure out where he was and that you
were still so generous to him as well as
to the rest of your family to take his
hand to
and you talk about this in the book so i
highly encourage people to read it
but you would take his hand and try to
shift his mood and that really trained
you to to be somebody that could read
people and help change their state which
i think is incredible but where
the way that i see it is
that
you've earned
you've earned the right and i'm going to
back up in a second but you've earned
the right to get to that position
because you know you can fall back on
discipline the habits all that stuff
where because what i'm thinking is okay
if i'm
24 and i'm encountering ed milette for
the first time
and i i have this glimmer of like oh
maybe i can do something more with my
life that guy really does and this is
projecting because this is where i was
but that guy probably really does need
to go hard first yeah and he needs first
to learn to be tough to be a badass like
for me to transform my physique i had to
imagine my wife being physically
assaulted it was the only way i could
show up and put in the work got leverage
on yourself exactly yep
and if somebody had been at that moment
telling me no no you need to be kinder
gentler it's like
on balance you're right and if you're
talking to me when i'm in my 50s
a hundred percent but in the beginning i
wouldn't have been able to be so nuanced
and so i guess what i'm saying is with
what you've done and accomplished you
understand the nuance you understand how
important it is to do all of that and to
sacrifice yourself doesn't make sense i
think you're right i think we agree so i
think you have to know yourself what's
your default place my default position
has been all my life
to try to earn things i i conflated when
i was young the only time i got love
from my dad is if i achieved something
if i did something if dad i got an a dad
i hit a home run you know dad i won the
spelling bee you know so i conflated
achievement and pushing myself with love
so i know me i know that part of me is
sort of my default place to go my
default place is to do this i think you
have to know yourself i think if your
default is to not do those things then
yeah giving yourself a break and being
kinder and gentler is the absolute worst
thing that you could do to yourself in
my case man it's been a lifetime i was
never a child i was never a little boy
that five-year-old i was literally not a
child my dad would you know this from
the book five years old
i got two skills in life man one is i
can communicate the other one is i can
be present and read people the president
read people's really simple i had three
sisters and a mom and when my dad would
walk through that front door at five
years old this beautiful little boy that
i was i would have to look up at this
man and quickly figure out was he drunk
or sober what was his body language like
how was he walking was his tie tie was
he slurring his words it was drunk dad
sisters need to get upstairs mom go take
a shower and then the man of the house
me at that time would take over and like
you said grab my dad's hand and change
his state dad i hit a home run today dad
i got a 96 on my spelling test and so i
never afforded myself or was afforded to
be a boy in my life to ever really have
a bunch of peace or bliss in that life
and my dad got sober and you know that
and he's my best friend but that part of
my life was taken from me i never had it
so i don't have to be i don't have to
worry about ed my let's you know drive
or ambition or any of those other things
i got to worry about this dude
hurting himself you know metaphorically
but actually theoretically too in any
possible way and so you just got to know
yourself if your default is you'll cool
it then you know what the worst thing
you could do is give yourself a break
you're wired like me and you beat
yourself to a pulp all the time and you
think you can do that and if there's
some point in your life you'll fray and
there's just a part of your brain man
there's just there's there's the neural
parts of our brain are telling us man
can you give me a little dopamine can
you give me a little hit of something
blissful can i celebrate this a little
bit can i be a little bit more kind to
myself because if you don't do that
eventually you've trained your brain
that you don't want to do those things
yeah i think
learning to love yourself is critical i
always tell people in my back pocket i
have detachment at all times like a
buddhist style detachment yeah because
at the end of the day the only thing
that matters is how you feel about
yourself when you're by yourself success
money all those things ultimately are
irrelevant if you hate yourself and
you're rich you're still going to have a
terrible life you got it so i think
that's really important there's an idea
that was introduced to me by jordan
peterson that blew me away and in fact
the first time it got teased was for us
a hobby do you know him yeah okay so for
people that don't know he trained um
george st pierre he's an incredible mma
guy
and i had the very good fortune of
meeting him interviewing him and
actually rolling jiu jitsu with him the
one and only time i've ever done jiu
jitsu was with him it was [__] insane
one really really cool experience
and he was
saying this idea that jordan peterson
ended up putting really concrete words
around which is that he wanted to
um god how did he put it like basically
i want to be able to choose kindness
and he said to choose kindness i have to
be capable of great violence because if
somebody comes and tries to push me
around i can be kind because i know i
can defeat i love it
and so jordan peterson was like
struggling with this idea of the meek
shall inherit the earth which is the man
of faith you understand very well in
fact you say in the book if i'm not
mistaken
and
jordan is like i've always struggled
with that idea because most of us
interpret meek as weak
and he said to the idea of the weak are
going to inherit the earth he's like
nothing tells me that that is true and
in fact the the week get pushed around
and he said but he looked up a more
ancient interpretation of the word meek
and it meant to be
capable of extraordinary violence but to
keep your sword sheathed
he said that person really will inherit
the earth because they can defend
themselves and they're choosing kindness
compassion whatever but if they actually
have the choice between i could fight
and win
or i can defuse the situation because i
know that i'm capable that if it breaks
down it can go to that place brother see
you're so brilliant when you introduced
me you could have said a lot of
different things about me but the thing
that you said was something along the
lines of my kindness and my genuineness
and the only reason that that stands out
with me with people i don't know that
i'm more kinder gentle than the average
person that only stands out because i do
appear to be so strong
right i do have those features
physically and you are actually intense
right like i'm actually a super intense
dude and so you're so right it's the by
the way the things i love about human
beings are their contrasts are their
complexities and so i always say all the
time i i have my best friends are like
you they have tremendous amounts of
self-confidence with this umber
unbelievable abundance of humility and
they know how to toe the nuance of those
two things they somehow toe that line
beautifully we all have friends that are
tremendously self-confident have no
humility they're not curious they're not
growing they're probably going to burn
out they're probably going to have to
make an ego mistake that's going to hurt
them
i think humility works so well
well humility keeps me curious humility
keeps me
connected
lack of humility breaks a connection
with another person lack of humility it
causes you to not want to learn and grow
like you identify yourself as a learner
only somebody with a tremendous amount
of humility who knows they don't know
everything
would want to be a learner and so the
very things that i think cause me to
grow and expand
are the very things that keep me humble
people ask me often now that you're 51
you wrote this book there's all these
things in there that you know what have
you learned as you're 51 and truly what
i've learned more than anything is what
i don't know that the more the older i
get i know i realize how little i do
know i can write a book that's 280 pages
and pretty much everything i know is in
that book but the vast majority of
things of life i don't know and so i
don't also want to have friends that
just have humility that have no
self-confidence because then you're
dragging them through life all the time
they're the energy drainers of your life
that humble kind friend of yours who's
never believes in themselves never does
anything you're always trying to fill
them up i don't want to be around them
all the time either i want people to
have both of those things because i
think they're the most successful and
blissful people at the same time
yeah there's a really cool quote about
that as the island of my knowledge grows
so does the shore of my ignorance oh god
it's beautiful right
yeah it is weird how
you can really feel like you know
virtually everything when you're young
which is what makes teenagers so brutal
right and then as you get older you're
like whoa i've been kicked in the face
so many times i remember the first time
somebody said i had humility i was
taken aback because
to me it didn't feel like humility it
felt like self-evidently recognizing
what is true like i've just failed way
more than i've succeeded
and so you're just like god i'm not
trying to be humble i am just so
paranoid that i don't have something
right because so often i thought i was
right only to realize whoa
like i was completely misjudging this
situation that's verbatim how i feel and
i can tell you one of my favorite things
to hear from a friend or even a business
partner is
i was wrong
i was wrong i've changed my mind in fact
i wish there was more of that in
politics don't you hey that was me jesus
i was wrong
and i've changed my mind man i you'd
endear yourself to me so quickly if you
would do that and so someone who never
changes their mind
someone who never acknowledges that
they're wrong about something is someone
that i don't really want to be around to
spend a lot of time with nor would i
want in any leadership position in any
of my businesses
and so it's a really big deal to be able
to say that and to change one's mind is
one of the most profound things you can
do
i agree why do you think it's so hard
for people
i think they think it's a weakness i
really do and i think you have to have a
tremendous amount of strength and
confidence to actually say that i'm
wrong there's it takes both there's
humility in saying i was wrong there's
also confidence i think there's a third
thing that's the most terrifying and
it's why this continues to be a problem
let me know you think about this you
also have to be good yeah like here's
the the scary thing yeah
if you want to succeed in life you talk
about this in the book you talk about
napoleon hill think and grow rich that
book also changed my life i have the
chills again
i remember where i was when i was
reading that book and it hit me because
he says like in the first whatever 40
pages i've told you the answer like the
whole reason i'm writing this book is on
every single page of this book and i was
like what has he said cause i was like
where are we going with this
and the only thing he had said on every
page was if you believe you can you can
and if you think you can't you can't and
i was like oh my god right and so yeah
but as you go to great lengths in the
book to point out your actions also have
to line up you're never going to be able
to think your way to success i love
thinking grow rich it's my favorite book
other than my scriptures but i got to be
honest with you you don't just think and
get rich you got to do stuff the
question then becomes what do i need to
think and what do i need to do
simultaneously or in congruency that
produce the result that's why i did the
things that i had the things in the book
second chapter as you know and i know
you're a huge matrix fan
i like as i'm writing this chapter this
is tom's chapter i was like this is the
greatest chapter i've ever written i
love this but one of the points that i
make in the book is be able to slow
things down and get into bullet time but
there's two things i love about the
matrix one i think that's an absolute
example of the reticular activating
system in the brain
and so you do have to be good
but the question in life becomes listen
i believe you're one decision one
relationship one meeting one one show
one thought one new emotion potentially
away from changing your entire life i've
proven this in my life so have you and
the question then becomes how do you
find them
and this ras is super powerful in our
brains because it's the mechanism that
filters the entire world to us it
literally reveals to us our reality just
like you just said it reels our reality
i just bought a tesla i drove it here
today i like what musk is doing i'm like
i'm gonna get one of these teslas man
every freaking where i go i see teslas
now
red one babe hey there's a white one
there's a plaid
three lanes over other side of the
freeway babe black tesla just drove by
she's like how in the world do you know
this
because it's become important to me and
it's now in my filter it's now a part of
my ras that's why when you're in a loud
room all the auditory sounds someone
doesn't even say it loud tom you can
hear your own name in a room because
it's become important to you see the
question in life is can you make your
goals your ambitions the emotions you
want the thoughts the relationships you
need to become your teslas and if they
become your tesla's thing slow down the
other part of the matrix i love i'll
come up for air is neo is the one
he's the one
and when my wife and i were little i
literally live on the beach now brother
that we used to walk on we were in high
school we were dating and we'd walk in
this beach go babe i'm gonna get you one
of these beach houses we're gonna we're
getting one of these beaches because you
already go yep and i have no idea how
and i go home i go dad who are these
freaking people who lives there
he's like i don't know who the heck they
are they don't work with me you know
and i figured something out when you
find a family or a person that's happy
and successful or either one
somewhere back in their lineage
they weren't
that family wasn't
and then the one shows up
the one and that one changes that family
forever it changes the way they live the
way the world treats them the way they
think
they're the neo they're the one in their
family and in my family i'm the one i'm
the one i didn't like it i didn't hope
for it i fought for it i fought for it i
did the things in this book to become
the one in my family and if you're
listening to this or watching it why
don't you consider the fact that
potentially maybe you're the one and the
fact that you don't think you are or
that you're not qualified to be the one
or don't have the background or the
skills or the confidence probably makes
you the one because that was me now what
what does the one do what do they
introduce to the family that changes it
so profoundly i think they introduce a
different way of thinking tom i think
they introduce a belief system
that the world doesn't dictate the terms
to our family anymore we're going to
dictate the terms to the world and that
we have some measure of control over the
results of our lives i think most people
go through their lives thinking they
have no measure of control and i had a
huge breakthrough brother two weeks ago
after i wrote the book and as you know
as i wrote the book when my dad died i
thought i need to write this book
because my dad taught me all these
profound lessons of one more and i'm the
next to go i don't know if it's this
week or 60 years from now but i'm the
next to go and i woke up about three
o'clock in the morning 3 15 exactly and
i woke up christian i said babe wake up
and i was in tears this was just two
weeks ago
i said babe
someone helped daddy
i'm 51 bro my dad was sober for 35 years
this never occurred to me she goes what
i said someone helped my dad
she goes what do you mean someone helped
my dad in his darkest moment of his life
get sober in some coffee shop or quiet
place when my dad was down on his knees
losing his family some precious human
being
helped my dad
i don't know who they are they changed
our entire family max and bella's lives
are changed because this person that we
don't know
millions of people i've reached because
this person helped my dad she goes
that's amazing i said here's what's more
amazing
what qualified them to help my dad
their shame
their mess
that they were also a drug addict an
alcoholic this precious soul the things
that the most ashamed of that they think
disqualified them the most in life
is the very thing that qualified them to
help my dad in the most important moment
of his life is where their giftedness
their experience their shame their
setbacks is what qualified them to
change my life and my dad's life in this
dark space i've been in personal
development my dad's been sober forever
it never occurred to me
the mess you have in your life the
things you are most ashamed of and
embarrassed by that you think are the
most insignificant that disqualify you
the most are probably the very things
that will qualify you to connect with
another human being in your business or
your personal life to change their life
and don't ever underestimate the ripple
effect they were just helping some man
get sober in some dark space in his life
never knowing the one was his son
never knowing that this whole existence
of my family was changed not just by me
being the one not just by my dad's
decision but by a completely flawed
person
remember think about this person at some
point they were stealing from their
family driving drunk did things they're
completely ashamed of in those states
that was the experience that qualified
them to change my dad's life
so if you're listening to this or
watching it stop discounting yourself
stop carrying these bags of your life of
the things you're embarrassed or ashamed
of or that you think are insignificant
that don't amount to anything those are
the things
you precious you that could change
another precious human being's life
in a moment where they need you the most
and if you don't believe you're
qualified if you don't believe you can
do it you're gonna miss those moments in
your life and your entire existence here
wasn't what it was supposed to be
all right my friend i have a big
announcement my incredible and talented
wife lisa is about to launch her new
book radical confidence in it she has
managed to perfectly capture the process
of how to go from feeling lost and
insecure to taking control of your life
and doing amazing things despite feeling
fear sometimes a lot of fear now let me
tell you nobody knows lisa better than
me but when i read radical confidence
for the first time and heard her
describe what it was like for her to go
from having these big exciting dreams as
a kid to then as an adult scheduling her
life around the tv shows that she wanted
to watch or how lonely and isolated she
felt instead of pursuing her dreams it
was brutal for me i would never say
though that it was worth it for her to
go through all of that just so that she
could write something down that allows
others to avoid it but i will say that
at least she was able to capture the
strategies that she used to break out of
that rut find her voice and begin doing
incredible things despite her
insecurities and fears that she wasn't
going to be good enough to achieve great
things order your copy today because if
you act now you can claim the bonuses
that lisa has created for you at
radicalconfidence.com then once you've
done that we'll get back to today's
episode all right guys read the book and
get ready to be the hero of your own
life peace out
that's really powerful they're crazy
that is really crazy now how do you so
one i hope that people actually listen
to you because people do discount
themselves they do things or have things
happen to them that they're not proud of
that they think define who they are and
they never allow themselves to bring
something beautiful to the world again
which is an absolute tragedy
so if the one is bringing this new way
of thinking if the
person that thinks they are the most
disqualified is able to channel that and
make somebody's life better how do they
turn that into like something concrete
that they can articulate how do they
turn it into a habit like what is that
process of going from
you know neo waking up and realizing
that he can do something to actually
dodging bullets
i think one of the things is the way
that we approach time this is something
that almost no one talks about anymore
so i
feel like
you may be behind
you may actually be behind your destiny
right now like maybe you're not on pace
in fact i think most people watching
this listening will say
i am behind on achieving my destiny i'm
not exactly sure what it is but i feel
like it's slipping i feel like i'm
behind so you better figure out time
differently and you can bend and
manipulate time to your advantage the
most stupid antiquated ridiculous
concept on planet earth today very very
well may be
that a day is 24 hours
it's so stupid it's the dumbest thing
ever 24-hour days were contrived when
there were no cars there was no
electricity if i wanted to get you a
message i had to write something down if
i could send it on a horse back hope you
get it that's insane never mind the
internet so it used to take hours days
weeks months years to do can be done now
in a millisecond in the internet or on
our smartphones yet we measure the time
the same way that guy did that's bananas
that is so stupid yet everybody does it
and so i about 25 years ago when i'm not
the most talented i'm not the smartest
and i'm really not and you've had guests
on your show with iqs maybe a hundred
points higher than mine this is the
truth i know a couple of them i had them
on my show
how in the world i don't come from you
know a whole track record of success
right i don't have the perfect
upbringing how in the world am i going
to win i got to do things other people
aren't willing to do which i'm doing
that's the one mores and i got to fix
the way i look at time what would i need
to believe about time
what would i need to believe what would
the question be and so my days now are
from six a.m
to noon that's a day it's six hours and
in that day some days you just chill but
in that day i'm going to get the amount
of productivity faith working out
fitness money business you name it in
that day we've all had a morning where
we go i got more done this morning i
have been weeks well why can't you do
that every morning so i measure time
i've compressed and condensed time i've
bent it my day is six a.m to noon and
i'm not crazy you're crazy for thinking
it takes 24 hours just like some dude in
a cave did 300 years ago that's bananas
that you still think that way and it's
unfair that people have taught you this
my second day starts at noon and goes
till 6 pm that's day two but what the
cool thing is at the end of day one this
clock goes off about noon every day bro
and goes what did i just get done what
didn't i do what do i need to be
accountable for what do i need to double
my efforts just like you do at the end
of most days right and then the next day
is 6 p.m to midnight and some of those
are just fun days sundays i chill right
but some days they're really super
productive what i've done now is i have
changed a manipulated time i now get 21
days a week stack that up over a month
i'm gonna kick your butt stacked it up
over a year your toast stack it up over
five years my entire life is different
than it would have been otherwise and if
you do this for about 90 of your
traditional days that you think are you
will come back to me and go that
profoundly impacted my life here's the
other thing that happens the world
responds to you differently when you
value your time like that
what is precious is valuable that's why
a diamond or this watch is way more
expensive than the piece of paper that's
written down there because it's more
scarce when your time when you interact
with the world is slightly more scarce
they respond to you as if you're more
valuable
so you get more accountability mo more
productivity more fun more joy and the
world flips its response to you all of a
sudden you become more valuable and
precious to people when your time is
different and you'll get thousands more
days in your life and live a much more
blissful and happy life than the person
who only gets 24 hours
yeah so this is a concept that i really
hope people take seriously so i'm often
asked like how
frequently i evaluate my progress and
i'm like that's probably about every
three hours and i think people are
surprised to hear that it's not daily
it's not weekly it's certainly not
monthly or yearly it's like i'm
constantly okay was i productive in this
period of time yes
in the book you reference it if i
remember correctly is like squeezing the
air out of all those gaps
where most people like okay you know if
i get this done in my day then i'm fine
and if you took that and made your day
those six hours suddenly it's like okay
i need to be really efficient what if
you took that day tom and then combined
it with the power of doing one more that
mindset and then chasing inconvenient
things on top of it in those days and on
top of that sprinkle the little
self-love to make sure that little
self-love
little reticular activating system where
we're doing repeated visualizations
where we're finding the things in those
days that we need to be able to find uh
oh
you may just change your life you know i
know exactly what happens and you liken
this to kobe bryant
and
walk people through like
so what tim grover has said about like
his work ethic and extra practices and
stuff because it's like i don't know how
many times the successful people have to
say the same things yeah for people to
get like okay cool i get where this is
going well one really simple thing is
this you need to get in a bigger hurry i
could just distill it down to something
simple you need to get in a bigger hurry
you're too casual you're too slow you
walk too slow you talk too slow you
think in terms of too much time and if
you just speed up the pace man like you
know this when you're around someone
like kobe or grover or you or anyone
that kind of vibrates at a frequency
that feels like success energy it's
faster they have to talk faster many of
our most favorite people talk much
slower than you and i do but they're
just in a little bit of a bigger hurry
i'll give you a kobe thing that's not in
the book though that just for me and you
and everyone gets to listen
kobe was scheduled to do my show six
days after he passed oh god
and
deeper than that i was with kobe
the week before he passed away
let me tell you the story about this
because i think it's pretty profound
about the one moors
been a volleyball tournament our
daughters played volleyball together and
um
it's if you have a kid who plays
volleyball you all were going yep i get
what that is these are long days and
noisy days so this thing starts at about
8 a.m all the dads are there the last
match was 10 p.m oh god yeah dude and
i'm the last dad in there except this
other guy in a black sweatsuit with
white stripes on it
and he's about six six
and it's kobe and we've been around each
other many times at these tournaments
where the last of the two dads left
and so the tournament ends his match was
on a different end of the court than my
daughter's was something happened i have
no idea why i did this brother i watched
him this day
and i was on the other end and i watched
him he had his baby in his left arm this
little one
he was rubbing the back of his daughter
that was playing
and literally i went
i don't hug bella enough
how affectionate he is it just stood out
to me and because it stood out to me his
outward affection i watched him bro and
i watched kobe walk out of the gym that
day with this baby and his arm around
his other one and i watched him walk out
and he obviously stood out because he
was so tall and i can picture him right
now tom walking out of that door
for the last time
six days later he died
and i wonder see if you want to know the
power of one more
it's when i take it from you and you
can't have it anymore
i wonder if someone would have whispered
kobe when he got in the car the day
six more
days
how would that week maybe have been
different for him
what would he have said who would he
have loved who would he have reached out
to what would have mattered to him
about the saturday before kobe one more
day
he's getting on that helicopter call me
one more hour
see
it hits us when i say that
and
there's a whisper happening that you
can't hear
tom
eight more years
18 more whatever it is there's a whisper
we forget
we're gonna die
napoleon hill says begin with the end in
mind
what if you did that with your life
what if you began with the end of your
life in mind and worked it backwards
bro my favorite thing in the world was
to golf with my dad
my favorite thing man we're both no good
at golf
i was my hero
in a golf cart with me for five hours a
foot away
and the conversations
watch my dad walk a car do you know what
i would do bro for one more round of
golf with my dad one more time hey dad
good putt yeah that was a good one
wasn't it eddie put his arm on me high
five
you know what i would do for that
what would you
how would you act
if you started to think about all the
elements of your life like kobe's last
six days
kobe's one more day kobe's one more hour
me getting that back with my dad what if
you started to look at the relationships
you have in your life like it was the
last time you had the conversation with
him the last time you get to hold lisa's
hand and jesus look in your eyes
right but how much more precious does
she become
maybe it's the last podcast the last
interview how much more precious would
it be how much more engaged who is
engaged as we are that next meeting that
conversation with is it gerson over here
right the conversation with him man see
when we begin to distill downs and we
realize yeah there's a power to one more
because they're not promised how many we
have and so that day with kobe just it
just burned it into my soul man when i
watched him and then to see six days
later he was gone
that time with his family was so
precious and so i would just challenge
everybody if you want to know the power
of one more it's when i take it from you
and there's a power and there's a
blessing that you get one more in your
life you're gonna get another chance to
talk to lisa you're to get another great
dinner with her you're going to get
another show those listeners have
another day to change their life they
have another opportunity to do one more
they have another opportunity to make
their family proud of them they still
have more time they don't just have one
more day probably to be the one in their
family life is beautiful it's precious
and sometimes we only have an
appreciation for it in its absence
sometimes we only have an appreciation
for the power of the one mores or the
people in our lives when we imagine
their absence
and so i would just ask everybody to
consider that the thing about work is
that um i think you should enjoy your
work i think there's a part of that but
i think it's i agree aggressively with
that yeah i think it's this notion that
everything is separate
what do you mean well like i think
people ask me all the time about well
you know i feel like man if i'm crushing
it at work
that uh i'm not gonna be as good a dad
or if i'm really a great dad my body's
gonna suffer and there's this limited
scarcity idea that somehow that there's
a finite amount of it to have i just
don't buy into that at all in fact i've
found in my life that when i'm crushing
it at work
man i'm a lot better in the gym when i'm
crushing in the gym or work i'm a better
dad i come home pumped i come home
engaged i come home excited i'm not
saying there's not fatigue
but when i'm not crushing it at work
what am i not bringing to bear in my
family in terms of energy ideas my
vibrational frequency my ability to give
out information and love i'm cheating my
family when i'm not working and
conversely i think i rob my work when
i'm not engaged with my family people
ask me what is changing you i was a
little bit more of an angry intense dude
before i had kids and for me in my case
having children caused me to pause in
the way i speak to people
sometimes i'm ashamed when i was younger
of ways i spoke to people had someone
talk to my son or daughter the way that
i used to talk to people so me crushing
it as a dad has made me a better
businessman me crushing in his business
is certain driving out here my my
daughter said to me driving out she goes
daddy i'm taking the real estate exam
today she's 18 she's going to college
i'm taking the real estate exam today
and the life insurance exam on monday
and i'm thinking that's wonderful plus
she's got finals for school right but
what impressed me about that was that
hey
that means my work
has transferred over into me as a father
so these things are interconnected in
life when you decide not to work and you
think that's going to make you better at
home or better in others of your life
you're absolutely wrong you're a whole
person and growing the wholeness of you
matters and that's why there's such
value in work
work meaning work is not always just
labor work is expansion of one's self
and that's why you're robbing yourself
yeah i also think there's something to
just taking a cynical eye to the world
and feeling like oh if i'm really giving
my everything then somebody is taking
advantage of me my thing is like
if i were working for somebody else
when in fact when i did work for
somebody else in my early 20s i was
completely cynical i was like oh i'm
being taken advantage of and like this
is terrible i'm not getting paid what
i'm owed
and then
i discovered work ethic and how far i
could push myself and i discovered one
immutable truth i could get so good that
people would be terrified to lose me
there you go and in fact kobe has a
quote's even better which is booze don't
block dunks
you can get so good people can't stop
you the greatest players in the world in
fact scouts were paid an obscene amount
of money to go around the entire globe
to find people that they could pay
millions of dollars to to stop kobe
bryant from scoring a basket during a
game and despite the best athletes on
planet earth getting paid millions of
dollars to stop him he once scored 81
points in a single game yeah and so my
thing is like who are you pushing back
on you can get so good at something
people can't stop you i tell my kids all
the time i say greatness rises greatness
is eventually found i have a
i won't say who it is but i have a
relative it's like hey the coach is
discriminating against me man he really
favors these other guys and i said to
him the other day go
no he's not
he's not greatness rises he wants to win
basketball games or he wants to win
baseball games or he wants to win this
the fact of the matter is get great at
something there's such a
there's such a wonderful feeling of
being great at what one does yes that if
i what a terrible way it would be to get
through this earth have your whole
journey through this earth and never get
great never get great at what you're
capable of being great at
and i would encourage everybody to
pursue that that's why they listen to
your show watch your show it's why they
listen to mine it's why they read our
books because this pursuit of greatness
we do we have started to create a
culture
that
i think has an ill-gotten eye towards
success towards progress
and maybe some of that's earned you know
maybe some of the examples in the world
about what financial success looks like
hasn't been the most elegant or
beautiful examples of it but the fact of
the matter is that my experience with
successful people whether that's
financial or not
i believe successful people in their
work are happier people just overall
whether that's my sister who's a school
people ask one time who's one of the
most successful people you know my
sister because i think success is that
when your external life matches your
vision for it whatever that is you have
a vision for your life and you produce
it my sister is blind that's right she
was born a diabetic she's born a
diabetic you're so you're so connected
and she's a schoolteacher christian
schoolteacher she's amazing at it why
she's in the service of other people
that's the blueprint for her life and
she's using her giftedness in the
service of these people she's kind she's
a great teacher she's patient she's 4
11. she's the same height as the
students wow see her giftedness is just
perfect for what she does she's so she
deal with because i have to imagine
students use the blindness to
mess around or whatever she knows
they're doing it that could be it would
be very easy to feel victimized
how does she deal with that well because
by the way my sister can see some things
she just can't drive she can't see she
sees shadows and whatnot too
my sister though and and here's the
other thing imagine being able that you
used to be able to see and you've lost
it i think it's wanting to be born blind
it's another thing that you had sight i
mean if an average person just you've
been able to see and you close your eyes
even for 10 minutes and be able to
imagine not able to see it's a really
traumatic experience
what my sister does it's really
interesting she uses humor really really
well so
she takes it from you before you can
give it to her
and when someone is self-deprecating
self-deprecation is a great form to
diffuse hate to diffuse pain and so
she's learned to really use humor about
it and almost poke fun at herself to
where the students don't do that
and you do it very well by the way
you're self-deprecating all the time be
easy for you to kind of
you know your homes your success your
show your wealth your intellect is
extremely high you are a very
self-deprecating dude so that it allows
you to navigate and operate without the
resistance that you would get if you
didn't have it and so a lot of you that
are receiving that you know
self-deprecation is something to look
into just poke fun at yourself take
yourself lightly don't take yourself too
seriously that's how i avoided getting
beaten up as a kid i believe it yeah i
believe that was humor was my best
defense i could see that
yeah yeah it's interesting so all right
so you can get so good at something you
can push yourself you want your outside
life to match the internal vision
i wanna in the book you go into like how
people can build these habits so that
they can get that life there are people
watching right now they have the dream
but they don't know how to get that life
like what what are the secret things
that you do to actually
build the skill set you need to achieve
the skill set stuff is habitual so
there's a bunch of things i talk about
in the book but i think one thing that i
just really believe that
when you have a worth level or a
confidence level that you can achieve
something you're far more resilient than
when you don't have that
there's all these tools on confidence
that everybody teaches right
but i had a really profound experience
when i was young that changed my life
and and and i've never linked my ability
to build a habit or my confidence to my
skill just stay with me even though i
built great skills
i won a contest in hawaii i'm 28 i'm
running down the beach in maui running
the other way and that is why you get
rewarded for getting up before the sun
running the other ways is bald i can see
he's got a hairy back he's sweating he's
running towards me
and he's wearing a sony walk man i'm
wearing one too that's how long ago it
was so we're listening to cassette tapes
when we're running right
and so he runs miami and it's dr wayne
dyer
whoa who's a hero of mine and i said dr
you changed my life
and he turns around he has a deep voice
like i do he goes well i highly doubt
that
he goes i'm sure you changed your life
but what did i do to help you and he
walks towards me and we sit down on this
beach together and for 90 minutes i
watch the sun come up with wayne dyer
and he gets to know me and he pouring
into me and at the end he goes ed you're
going to change the world
how old are you at this point 28 wow
he probably said this to some other
people right and he goes i just think
you're brilliant the way you can
articulate your thoughts your viewpoint
on personal development changing oneself
your experience with your dad you're
gonna change the world and he goes and
that's not why
and he goes it'll be very dangerous for
you to attach yourself to your abilities
the rest of your life wow
and i said i don't understand like if i
can't close or persuade i can't close
the sale if he goes no no i want you to
have all those things but if you attach
your identity or worth to the external
it's fleeting that's why so many pro
athletes when their career is over they
don't know who they are and they say
well then what do i do and he goes
what's beautiful about you ed is your
intentions
you have beautiful intent
and i knew that about myself was my
intention so what i didn't know is he
was writing a book at the time called
the power of intentions
and he goes would you please please
because you you have the talents would
you please attach your confidence and
your worth and your identity to your
intention
when you walk into a stressful
environment remind yourself that you
intend to serve you intend to give
because you may lack the ability
sometimes ed you may lack the answer
sometimes but you'll never lack the
intent and that intent will put you in a
state where you can find the answers
brother all my life most of my
confidence has come from driving here
today
i just intend to help people
i intend to make a difference i don't
like that i don't need to be here i'm
rich already forget all that stuff my
intentions are to help people forgetting
my current status one way or the other
and so i would recommend everybody to
take a real look inside you what are
your intentions your intentions to make
a difference your intentions to love
people your intentions to serve people
is your intent to serve your family is
your intent to make a difference if
that's the foundation
for your worth
and your self-confidence you'll never
have to chase it again if it's something
aside from you a skill i got to get a
talent i got to get this you'll be
chasing it all of your life now having
said that i have a chapter on habits and
how to develop them and how to create a
trigger
and how to create the the behavior and
then have a reward when you do it so
habits are created by triggers then
there's the behavior then there's the
reward and i talk about how to build
those habits but all of that is is
really not very productive if you don't
have some internal knowing that you
deserve to be successful that there's a
worth to you that a confidence that
exudes from you and i don't think that's
where my sister and i are that
dissimilar
externally we're very different people
right different careers different paths
but i think my sister maybe it's even
unconscious doesn't even do it
intentionally no pun intended she knows
she intends to serve those precious
children every single day so she walks
in there with a confidence that's bigger
than her lack of vision her lack of a be
able to see and i think these students
sense this beautiful intent on this
woman and because she's self-deprecating
she has this overwhelming intent to
serve
there's not a lot of backlash or poking
fun at her and i in my life i haven't
had a lot of that to be honest with you
i've had far less resistance from other
people because i carry my intent with me
everywhere i go
talk to me about state change so you
mentioned like you're going into a
stressful event remind yourself that
you're there to serve and it it does
switch something pretty profoundly
what is a state change how do you do it
why does it matter state change is the
definition of everything that i do so
what i do when i'm in a good state when
i'm in that move and state whether i'm
training and working out or i've crushed
a podcast or i've crossed a show
i create a physical anchor so i link the
emotional state to the anchor emotional
state to the anchor could be you could
tug on your shirt you could pull on your
right ear you can snap you've noticed
probably 20 times through this interview
i snap my finger i associate you with
the finger snap more than you could ever
possibly imagine and so for me that's
the juice and so when you get to a peak
state link it to something physical the
more repetitive it is and the higher the
emotional state that's why for example
you have them in reverse if you've ever
walked into a room where something bad's
happened or hear a song or something it
immediately creates a trigger for you
because the emotional experience was so
high first time you did the naughty
naughty thing if there was a song
playing and that song comes back on you
go right back to that place don't you so
there's an emotional heightened state
and then something physical that happens
and so in my case when it's going really
good and i'm pumped and everything's
great i link it i link it i link it i
link it and so now then you can reverse
it back where that trigger creates that
state this is really not that
complicated i go into it in the book
it's amazing to me that we all have all
these unconscious triggers in our life
whether it is a song or a room or a
person or a memory or whatever and yet
we don't ever take control of them we
know they happen because they happen to
us all the time so all i've done in my
life is i said okay if that's the case
i'm going to create a few that serve me
and by the way
the ones that you can already hear my
energy just went up
the reason it serves me is it can
override the negative state
it's my pathway out of the dark space
it's my pathway out of fatigue it's my
pathway out of confusion it's my pathway
out of not knowing the answer to
something i all of a sudden become a
heck of a lot more resilient when i'm in
that state and i've got like four or
five of them i just did another one of
them right but i've got four or five
physical things i do that i've linked if
you're an athlete when you make a big
putt link it you make a big putt link it
you make a big putt link it when you're
in meditation even in meditation when
you've emptied your mind if you can just
create a trigger that can take you back
there then you don't need to be legs
crossed quiet
every time to feel that feeling it's one
of the things not talked about in
meditation because we're supposed to
empty our mind when we're done and the
mind is no longer empty just create a
physical trigger just you ever have
someone in your life just when they
touch you you feel lisa touches you you
feel different lisa is a trigger for you
of comfort of confidence of whatever
ecstasy whatever it is so these things
are around us all the time how about we
start to take control of them how well
we start to be no pun intended
intentional about them so heightened
state physical trigger heightened state
physical trigger do it repeatedly and
you're going to find yourself a
different person when you need to change
your state
i want to repeat that you're going to
find yourself a different person when
you need to change your state that's the
the thing about state change for me is
i don't feel like the same person like
if i get into a negative space
i feel weak and unsettled and then i can
literally i will one of my sort of
internal triggers that i use is the
phrase remember who you are there you go
and just saying that to myself i'm like
that's right remember who you are there
was this incredible 90s cartoon batman
cartoon and there's this episode i love
this i think about it all the time where
bruce wayne gets put in like an
internment camp basically and he can't
get out and then he has amnesia and then
one moment i forget what happens but he
remembers that he's batman
nothing changes he just remembers that
he's batman and all of a sudden he can
escape and i was like god you have to
that's a state change that's a state
change just remembering who i am who you
really are and here's why that's
important let me throw something at you
i think you agree with
that's who you truly are but all of us
are different people
in different times in different
circumstances and so it's a matter of
pulling this sounds hokey but it's about
pulling the most powerful resourceful
version of you out i'm a very different
person there's there's like 30 ed
milettes there's the ed milette when i'm
really down and i wake up in the morning
and i got anxiety first thing i wake up
there's the ed my left when i'm with my
kids there's the end of my leg when i'm
on a stage there's the end my left when
i'm doing this there's the guy driving
in the car you all have these different
versions of you and you know that you do
so the question is when the one shows up
who doesn't serve you can you bring out
the one that you really are
and so it's this notion that this is who
i am really you're the same person all
the time you have the same emotions all
the time the same thoughts all the time
the same energy all the time of course
you don't there's many versions of you
someone like kobe bryant when the world
was melting and he's going to colorado
in his trial and he's he somehow could
find a way to get on that court
on a wednesday night in the middle of
all that turmoil and the black mamba
shows up
and all the people we admire in our
lives if you really think about it when
all the pressure's on
they find a way to step forward with the
best possible version of who they are
and that's what separates them it's not
that they don't have the weaker versions
the lesser versions it's that they can
pull the right one forward when they
need them because they've either created
the tools athletes do it very naturally
tom brady let's fn go
why is he saying this out loud it's like
ridiculous right peyton manning omaha
these are triggers they might be an
audible but it's also a trigger that
creates a state
where he's scanning the defense and now
he's more resourceful his res kicks in
and he's finding the hole the
linebacker's coming this way that's
where the open receiver's gonna be in
the slot this is what they're great at
doing i just had a fighter of mine this
last weekend getting one of the fights
and i have a chapter in the book called
equanimity which is calmness under
duress it's a really under discussed
topic in life
and usually when he's in these fights
where things start to really happen and
he's getting hit things speed up for him
and he starts going into the slugfest
mode and ultimately loses we're talked
about equanimity that the best version
of so he found his trigger he stepped
back he went into matrix time things
slowed down
and then ended up kicking a dude in the
head with one of the greatest knockouts
in the history of the ufc this weekend
in the same conditions that he's lost
other fights in so he pulled the best
calm equanimity version of him forward
under duress as opposed to the scattered
frailed one and that's how it is in
business and life and parenting and our
day-to-day existence
the power of one more that's right
brother where can people follow you
what's the best way
oh i don't know social media go to
instagram at my let's e-d-m-y-l-e-t-t
and um you know anywhere on social and
you get the power of one more anywhere
got a website called the power of one
more.com a lot of like extra tools and
resources that will enhance the the book
a little bit for you as well so yeah i
love it
boys and girls have read the book it's
amazing everything i've ever seen ed do
is absolutely incredible this man gives
me the chills constantly off camera he's
as awesome as you want him to be
everything he teaches is everything i
needed to learn i have a feeling it will
impact all of you i highly encourage you
to get the book and speaking of things
that i highly encourage you to do if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time my friends be legendary
take care peace
human beings because of the size of the
neocortex we can turn on the stress
response just by thought alone we can
think about our problems and turn on
those chemicals
that means then
our thoughts
could make us sick
so if it's possible that our thoughts
could make us sick is it possible then
our thoughts can make us well the answer
is absolutely yes